# README

The name of this application is "Can You Guess The Color".
To get the game onto your machine you can fork and clone the repository, copy and paste the address into your terminal and open it from there. As a side note this app uses Postgresql as its database.   
It's short, sweet, and to the point. The application will pick a color at random
via the RGB spectrum of values ranging from 0-255, it's up to the user to guess what the color is.
To get the game up and running you simply need to create a profile through the sign up method or login. Once you've done one of those things you will be taken to the main screen. From there you will see three options to choose from "Easy", "Medium", and "Hard". These buttons will set up the gameboard accordingly. There will also be a "New Colors" button that will be inactive until you choose a difficulty setting. Clicking "New Colors" will give you a new color palate, choosing this will not extend the amount of guesses you get. Also in the user profile you will find the rules button that will activate the modal with the rules listed.      
On easy mode there will be three colored squares to choose from and the user will have two guesses to click the correct square otherwise they lose. On medium difficulty the user will have six squares to choose from and three guesses, hard mode will produce nine squares and the amount of guesses will remain at three. A user can create their profile with a designated username and password of their choosing. Upon creation of their profile they can view how many wins and losses they have accrued, they also have the option to edit their username and/or password at anytime. They may also delete their profile entirely if they see fit. All of this will be available to them via their profile screen to the left of the gameboard.   
